---
title: Aelorian
description: The birb people
published: true
date: 2024-01-19T16:51:43.779Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2023-09-24T23:27:54.591Z
---

# The Aelorian
The dominant species on Aeloria, this anthropromorphic avian race are the organic creators of the Ryuuko Unit. 

In the broader galactic context, Aeloria stands as a unique anomaly. Recognized for its picturesque landscapes and avian population, this planet possesses an intriguing dual identity that has significantly shaped its history.

Aeloria, characterized by its natural beauty, features expansive forests, pristine lakes, and imposing mountain ranges. However, beneath this tranquil exterior lies a covert foundation based on combat expertise. Across the galaxy, Aeloria is renowned not for its natural scenery, but for its martial prowess.

A significant portion of Aeloria's citizenry remains unaware of a well-guarded government initiative. This initiative capitalizes on the planet's proficiency in combat technology, knowledge, and military strategies. Outside entities, such as governments and factions, actively seek out Aeloria's combat resources in various interstellar conflicts.

The profits generated by these discreet dealings are channeled back into Aeloria's society, ensuring a remarkable standard of living for its inhabitants. Aeloria's residents enjoy an exceptional quality of life, marked by prosperity and robust health, surpassing that of many other planets.

The majority of Aeloria's population remains oblivious to the true source of their wealth. Aeloria's unique blend of concealed military prowess and public tranquility showcase complex interplay between secrecy and prosperity within its society.
## Government
Aelorian Governemt consists of task specific branches of government that together serve all Aeloria citizens.

## Religion and Belief Systems
The Aelorians spirituality is devoid of deities and hierarchical spiritual leaders, emphasizing reverence for cyclic patterns governing nature, reality, and ancestral worship. It does not involve the worship of divine beings or authoritative spiritual figures, fostering a sense of collective participation and autonomy in their religious practices.

Aelorians interpret natural and reality cycles as metaphors for essential aspects of existence, providing them with a framework to understand the intricacies of the world. Ancestral worship plays a pivotal role in their spirituality, involving rituals and ceremonies to honor their forebears and perpetuate their wisdom and legacy within their society. These beliefs significantly influence Aelorians' values and ethical principles, emphasizing harmony with the natural world and respect for ancestral wisdom. Consequently, their spirituality fosters a strong sense of community and preservation of heritage.

This belief system has historical roots in pantheonic structures of belief that existed in ancient times. These earlier religious frameworks evolved into the foundation for the governance of Aeloria. The ministries, which form the governing body, do have individuals known as Directors who oversee their functions. However, these Directors serve administrative roles, devoid of spiritual authority or divine claims. This approach aligns with the Aelorians' unique belief system, emphasizing collective harmony, nature, and ancestral reverence over traditional religious hierarchies.



## Society and Social Structure
- Outline their social hierarchy, if any, including classes or castes.
- Describe family structures, relationships, and roles of individuals within the society.
- Explore their education system, including methods of learning and knowledge dissemination.

Communities build around cycles of child rearing, over anything else. Breeding and birthing is a community endeavor, done in sometimes large groups, and the responsibilities of raising children is taken on by the community as a whole in whats known as Cooperative Breeding. Bonding, mating, and familial practices are not generally monogamous. And female birds in excessive various needs, are helped by any males accessible to them.
Housing is generally not a private endeavor either, with sleeping, entertainment, dining, bathing, and social speces all being shared among extended families, but not necissarily the entire community, while bathing and sleeping spaces are also publically available.

## Economy and Trade
- Define their economic system, including currency, trade partners, and major industries.
- Explore their approach to resource management, sustainability, and economic inequalities.

## Technology and Innovation
- Detail their level of technological advancement, including key inventions and innovations.
- Consider how technology has shaped their daily lives, communication, and transportation.

## Language and Communication
- Develop their languages, dialects, and writing systems.
- Explore the importance of language in their culture and its role in communication.

## Culture and Arts
- Describe their art forms, music, literature, and visual arts.
- Explore their cultural celebrations, festivals, and entertainment.
- Consider their cultural symbols, myths, and legends.
Art focuses on nature, cycles in nature, and ancestors. Many communal famililial homes will have potentially hundreds of small statues representing those that came before them. Their other art tends to be abstract, and organic in nature.

Aelorian dont generally need to wear clothing, there is no cultural shame in it. Clothing is commonly worn to assist in work, identify government workers, or protect from strong wings, and maybe rain but they are naturally pretty waterproof, and even then, its generally only a top. Otherwise, and especially when just normally in public or at home, most citizens will not wear anything besides bags.


## Architecture and Urban Planning
- Define their architectural styles, materials used, and building techniques.
- Explore the layout of their cities, towns, and villages.
- Consider the integration of nature and the environment in their architecture.

## Environment and Ecology
- Describe their planet's ecosystems, flora, and fauna.
- Consider their approach to environmental conservation and sustainability.
- Explore their relationship with the natural world and any environmental challenges they face.

## Foreign Relations
- Outline their interactions with other species or civilizations, including alliances, conflicts, and trade.
- Describe their diplomacy and foreign policy.

## History and Mythology
- [Aelorian Government](/en/reference/species/aelorian/government)
- [History](/en/reference/species/aelorian/history)
- [Mythology](/en/reference/species/aelorian/mythology)
- [Culture and Arts](/en/reference/species/aelorian/culture)
{.links-list}

yep
- Develop their historical narratives, major events, and turning points.
- Explore their myths, legends, and origin stories.
## Conflict and Warfare
- Detail their approach to conflict resolution and diplomacy.
- Describe their military organization, weaponry, and strategies.
- Consider any ongoing conflicts or historical wars.

## Healthcare and Medicine
- Explore their healthcare practices, medical knowledge, and approaches to well-being.
- Define their medical technology and treatments.

## Transportation and Infrastructure
- Describe their modes of transportation, from vehicles to flying methods.
- Outline their infrastructure, including roads, bridges, and communication networks.

## Cultural Values and Norms
- Identify their core values, ethics, and social norms.
- Explore concepts of morality, justice, and social responsibility in their culture.


Male
- Slightly Wider shoulders (Gives wings greater reach and maneuverability)
- Thin and lithe, good for flying fast and zoomy
- Slightly larger beaks
- Slightly Bigger more angular Wings
- Longer feet talons with musculature right below each join as part of the next part of the talon
- average 6'5" - 7'2" tall

Female
- Skinny narrow shoulders (Shoulders not important evolutionarily doesnt fly as much and egg layer)
- Wider waist and bigger hips and thicker thighs (egg layers)
- Slightly Smaller beaks (more precise when feeding the young in ancient times)
- Slightly Smaller more curved wings
- Stockier feet talons more uniform in thickness but still skinny and lithe, just shorter and without the extra muscle definition at the top of each segment.
- average 6'9" - 7'8" tall